documentation/README.md, before:

# Battleship
## EECS 448 - Project 1

This is a basic battleship game created as our submission for project 1 for EECS 448 at the University of Kansas.

## Structure Info
This project has been wired up to use Vue.js to help organize components of the game.

These components are defined in files that end in the `.component.js` extension, and are located in the `src/components/` directory.

The entry point for the project is the `index.html`. This file contains the basic logic for loading Vue, and adding the game board to the page.

Obviously, we'll flesh out the look-and-feel as we go along. This is just a basic starter for now.

## How to Run
The easiest way to run this project is by creating a basic static web server using Python. This is super simple:

1. Open a terminal or command prompt to the root of this project (i.e. the directory this file is in).
2. Start the server: `python -m http.server`

This will start a web server on port 8000. You can then run the game by navigating to http://localhost:8000/ from a web browser.

## Documentation
You can [preview it here](https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://raw.githubusercontent.com/EECS-448-Battleship/project-1/master/documentation/generated/index.html). Otherwise, it is generated by JSDoc in the `documentation/generated` directory.

### Re-generating the documentation
To regenerate the docs, you need Node.js and the Yarn package manager installed. Then, just:

```shell script
cd documentation
./generate.sh
```

## Third-Party Libraries
The files in the `lib/` are external libraries used in this project.

- Vue.js
    - A front-end framework. Used under the terms of the MIT license.
    - https://github.com/vuejs/vue
- VuES6.js
    - A kind-of crappy loader for defining Vue components using ES6 classes.
    - Also used under the terms of the MIT license.
    - https://code.garrettmills.dev/garrettmills/vues6
- Sound effects obtained from https://www.zapsplat.com and used with permission.

## Contributors
- Lucas Brakenridge
- Javier Barea Lara
- Garrett Mills
- Evan Powell
- Alec Horlick-Mills

Commit message:

Added documentation for animations used, modified font to a better matching one, added animation for instructions.

documentation/README.md, after:

# Battleship
## EECS 448 - Project 1

This is a basic battleship game created as our submission for project 1 for EECS 448 at the University of Kansas.

## Structure Info
This project has been wired up to use Vue.js to help organize components of the game.

These components are defined in files that end in the `.component.js` extension, and are located in the `src/components/` directory.

The entry point for the project is the `index.html`. This file contains the basic logic for loading Vue, and adding the game board to the page.

Obviously, we'll flesh out the look-and-feel as we go along. This is just a basic starter for now.

## How to Run
The easiest way to run this project is by creating a basic static web server using Python. This is super simple:

1. Open a terminal or command prompt to the root of this project (i.e. the directory this file is in).
2. Start the server: `python -m http.server`

This will start a web server on port 8000. You can then run the game by navigating to http://localhost:8000/ from a web browser.

## Documentation
You can [preview it here](https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://raw.githubusercontent.com/EECS-448-Battleship/project-1/master/documentation/generated/index.html). Otherwise, it is generated by JSDoc in the `documentation/generated` directory.

### Re-generating the documentation
To regenerate the docs, you need Node.js and the Yarn package manager installed. Then, just:

```shell script
cd documentation
./generate.sh
```

## Third-Party Libraries
The files in the `lib/` are external libraries used in this project.

- Vue.js
    - A front-end framework. Used under the terms of the MIT license.
    - https://github.com/vuejs/vue
- VuES6.js
    - A kind-of crappy loader for defining Vue components using ES6 classes.
    - Also used under the terms of the MIT license.
    - https://code.garrettmills.dev/garrettmills/vues6
- Sound effects obtained from https://www.zapsplat.com and used with permission.
- Button animations obtained from https://codepen.io/atloomer and used with permission.
- HR line animations obtained from https://codepen.io/Grienauer and used with permission.

## Contributors
- Lucas Brakenridge
- Javier Barea Lara
- Garrett Mills
- Evan Powell
- Alec Horlick-Mills
